Hey, today I'm going to show you how you
can automate the fulfillment of more or
less any digital services company using
Agentic Workflows. I'm going to be doing
this on my own business as a demo. We're
leftclick. We do primarily B2B outbound
marketing and cold email. But I want you
guys to know you guys can do this for
any business or any industry so long as
it does most of its work on the internet
or with some sort of digital data, which
I think most businesses are are
nowadays. Anyway, if you guys don't know
what agentic workflows are, I'm going to
walk you through things at a very high
level and then I'm also going to run you
through how a typical cold email agency
works before running you through how to
automate the hell out of this sort of
thing using agentic workflows so you
guys can sell these things to other
people or use them to automate your own
business. Whatever situation you're in,
this is the video for you. Let's do it.
So, two major things I need to explain
to you. First, what are agentic
workflows? Well, if you guys have ever
built any sort of workflow before,
you've probably heard of make.com, nadn,
microsoft power automate or one of these
many drag and drop platforms. Now, the
way these work is these platforms handle
both the function and then they also
handle the logic. And so, in this case,
you could see there are functions like
on create user form submission, you
know, is manager, add to channel or
update profile and then also logic. So
the direction that the data will flow
and then sort of the the logic of true
false, how to route it and so on and so
forth. Okay? And that's just a given
across any one of these drag and drop
platforms. Well, the way that agentic
workflows work is a little bit
different. With agentic workflows, what
you do is you take all of the functions,
you decouple them from all of the logic
and the routing, and then you just give
all the functions to AI, which we assume
is just much better at using and
building tools than us. And then we just
say, "Hey, here's what I want to do. Can
you do it using these functions? And as
long as you're smart about how you set
it up, it can do a brilliant job. Now,
the framework that I recommend using for
this sort of stuff, because you do
typically have to use a framework. As
I'm sure you guys are aware, AI can make
mistakes, and in business applications,
it's important to constrain those
mistakes as much as possible. But the
framework that I recommend is one called
DO, which hopefully is easy to
understand. The D stands for directive.
That's what to do. And so, we just store
a bunch of instructions and very highle
files like this. Okay. O stands for
orchestration. That's where we basically
give the agent this info and say, "Hey,
you can orchestrate uh fulfillment of
this however the heck you want." And
then E stands for execution. And
typically the execution is in the form
of, I don't know, some Python scripts or
something like that. Now, I should make
it clear, I don't actually know how to
read most of this code. I don't worry
about most of this code. That is the
AI's job. The AI is much better at
coding than I probably would ever be,
even given a decade of learning. And so
I just let these large language models
which are optimized for coding do the
coding for me if necessary and then call
the tools that they just built. If what
you're looking at here is very
intimidating that's okay. IDE or these
windows that you guys are seeing this
integrated development environment are
not very beginner friendly. But I don't
want to focus on all the technicals
here. I want to show you guys how even
if you have zero programming knowledge
or any understanding of how any of this
stuff works, you could still get up and
running and automate most of the work of
a digital services agency. The second
thing you need to understand is what my
specific business model does. So in our
case we are Leftclick which are a B
which is a B2B outbound marketing/cold
email company. So obviously we do a lot
of stuff. We don't just do this but for
the most part this is the most
profitable thing and so this is most of
what I do. So that's how I'm branding
this business. To make a long story
short, okay, we will get customers that
simply want to increase their top of
funnel, the number of leads that enter
their business in a given time. And we
help them do so by coming up with really
hacky cold email campaigns, okay? And
then reaching out to people that have
never heard of us or our clients uh in
order to book a meeting with them for
services rendered. And so we work for a
variety of different sorts of
businesses. We've worked from small to
midsize all the way up to multi-billion
dollar portfolio companies. And we just
do more or less the same thing every
time. But as I'm sure you can imagine,
as with delivery of any good service, it
does take a fair amount of time to
fulfill. And so naturally, I've been
slowly chunking away at automating more
and more of it over time. It wasn't
until I saw Agentic Workflows and really
started to understand them that I
realized that you could now automate
basically all of any digital services
agency if you approach it the right way.
So, how does Leftclick actually work?
Well, I will just give all of the sauce
to you here. This is everything that we
do inside of our company in order to go
from start to finish. We'll begin with a
sales call with our prospect. And so,
these are always recorded. The reason
why they're recorded is because then we
have a whole transcript that we can pump
into some sort of proposal. Okay, a
proposal for services looks something
like this. So, this is us sending a
proposal to this business here. We
scroll down. You can see that we give
them some problem areas. Right now, your
team is spending 15 hours per week
manually tracking shipments across 12
different carrier portals. That's about
$30,000 annually in labor costs just to
paste uh tracking numbers, right? So,
that's one of their problems. there's
another problem here about their invoice
reconciliation process, another problem
here about their customer reply times
and so on and so forth. What we do after
that is we try to very adeptly um give
them a solution as well. So okay, like
you know your initial problem was your
15 hours per week manually tracking
shipments. Your solution is a unified
dashboard that pulls real-time data from
12 carriers automatically. This is an
example proposal. This isn't anything
that I've actually sent. I just wanted
to give you guys some intuition as to
what an real proposal looks like. We
obviously um try and make ourselves look
as cool as humanly possible. Hence the
the Mosy and Sam Ovenans shot. Uh we
give some highle scope steps. So run
them through how things work and then
finally we talk about the amount of
money that they're investing. So pretty
common, right? Most businesses will do
something like this. After we send the
proposal, they then have to sign the
proposal and pay after that. Okay, we
will normally send them some sort of
welcome email. And so you know if you
have multiple people in your business,
you'll send from multiple addresses just
so that you can imply that you know
there are a lot of people really stoked
about you beginning uh to work with us.
So here's a quick example. Welcome to
Leftclick, Kelly. Hey, Kelly. Just saw
the agreement go through. Had to rush
over and formally welcome you. I and the
rest of the team are super excited to
have you and company. Thanks for filling
out your agreement so promptly. Over the
course of the next 30 minutes, here's
what you're going to receive. Stay tuned
for more on this. Thank you very much
and appreciate you coming on board.
Again, pretty standard stuff. You're
obviously going to want to welcome
people to an agency if they just paid
your agency a bunch of money, right? So,
once they're in your business, they're
onboarded. You have to have some sort of
kickoff call. Now, on the kickoff call,
you chat um details about the project.
So, in our case, we're cold email,
right? In your case, maybe you're I
don't know, ads or something. So, here's
where you chat about the creatives and
the copy and whatnot. But in our case,
we're cold email. And so, in cold email,
the most important thing to do is to
figure out what offers are permissible,
which offers you can run. An offer, to
make a long story short, is just
something like, I'll get you five
customers in the next 90 days, or you
don't pay a scent. I'll continue working
for free until I achieve that. That's
pretty great. It's an offer in so far
that we are offering something that
sounds really good. And it is because it
sounds really good and we're
guaranteeing some form of results that
people say yes. So that's what we do on
the offer. Once we're done with that,
because it's recorded, we can extract
the details via that transcript as well.
And now starts, if you think about it,
sort of like our fulfillment process.
Okay. So the fulfillment process starts
by doing some lead generation, aka by um
scraping lead databases. So there
variety of different lead databases you
can use. In our case, we use one called
Appify pretty often. This one here
provides us with uh about $1.50 per
1,000 leads. We get a bunch of email
addresses over here. These are real
emails from real people, which I'm not
going to obviously show you, but
hopefully you get the idea. Then over
here we have company names, company
websites, and stuff like that. The
reason why that's valuable is now we
have sort of targets. Okay, once we have
these targets, so to speak, we will
enrich their details. Not all of those
records had emails, so we want to get as
many of those emails as humanly
possible. And then also, we want to add
um some form of personalized flare to
every row because we're going to use
this data in our cold email campaigns
and we don't want it to seem really
boring. So, when I say casualize leads,
for instance, this business over here is
called hotchedules.com Incorporated.
Well, if you're sending a cold email
campaign, um, a lot of the time you use
things like the company name in your
copy. You'll say, "Hey, I'm a big fan of
company name." So, let's say I'm this
fell over here and I'm getting a cold
email from me and it's like, "Hey, Sam,
real big fan of hotschedules.com,
Space Incorporated, period." What is he
going to be thinking on the other end of
the line? he's probably going to be
thinking that this is BS cold outreach,
right? So, what we do is we casualize
this. We rewrite this using natural
language process and using AI really um
in a way that he probably refers to his
own company as just to minimize the
possibility of, you know, somebody
clicking off our email cuz they think
it's spam. Once we're done with that, we
actually generate the campaigns. When I
say generate here, I mean like we write
we write the copy based off of previous
high performers. Um, and then we'll
actually create like some split tested
offers. So, this is an example of one
that I actually ran on YouTube. I
believe like a month and a half or two
months ago where I actually offered
people, hey, first name, know this is
out of left field. If I could help you
connect to more people looking for PPC
in exchange for commission on closed
revenue, would you be open? I work
mostly on performance and have a big
network. Media bio would be variable,
probably 5K month or up. Let me know if
you're open to a chat in the next 4
days. I can ring you. Okay, so this is
like a very casual sort of campaign. We
wrote this for people that were looking
for obviously PPC, which means ad buy
services. You don't have to understand
what all that stuff means if you're new
to this, but we're just sending emails
to people and offering them some sort of
lead genen services. Okay, so we
generate a bunch of these and then we
actually have to manage the replies.
What we have to do now is we set up
automated reply systems to do most of
the replies for us. This is working
50/50. It's something I'm experimenting
with, but now we're doing this and
typically this is a pretty laborious
process. We have to set up like an NAN
workflow that looks something like this.
You know, we have to set the variables,
get the conversation history. We got to
do a fair amount of work for this like
automated pipeline to work. And um
that's fun and all, but you know, it's
still a fair amount of time. Then we
upload new leads to the campaigns, do
some sort of QA and final double check
before sending before finally auto
replying to handle all incoming
responses intelligently. And then what
the client gets as a result of all this
hard work that we've labored over for I
mean at least 5 to 10 hours
realistically if we want to do a really
good job is they get a big stream of
positive replies in their inbox. People
saying, "Hey, this sounds great. How do
I book a meeting? Hey, sounds awesome.
Are you free tomorrow at 2? Hey, I'd
really like to explore more about this.
Could you send me some more info?" and
stuff like that. And so that is our
value. We provide revenue. Okay. So I
know that was a pretty prolonged
explanation, but it is important that
you understand everything that's going
on in order to understand the value of a
system like this. Obviously, every time
you bring somebody on to a service, you
need to fulfill said service. And
typically, you do so either yourself if
you're a freelancer, a small to mid-size
business, or um you know, uh you pass it
off to some fulfillment or back-end
person. Uh you know, if you're growing
your agency and you have more than one
person in it, and then they do it. The
thing is it obviously takes money in
order to buy their time to do the thing.
And so if you think about it, there's
sort of two things that are going on
here. Every time you have to have
somebody else do it for you, you spend a
lot of time because um you they don't do
the things immediately, right? It takes
them a fair amount of time, might take a
week or something like that. And then
second, you spend a lot of money because
you know the cost of service um
accumulates. Maybe you pay them hourly,
maybe you pay them a fixed amount per
contract. Whatever the heck you do,
there's some sort of cost to it, right?
This is why agentic workflows are so
awesome because you can basically
completely eliminate 99% of that. And so
I can get the same thing that I used to
get done for somewhere around $2,000 to
$2,500
for less than $10. Less than $10. I can
get the exact same thing done that I
used to spend over two grand for. Okay,
incredible stuff. Without further ado,
let me show you how to actually run
this. So I'm in my Aentic Workflow IDE
over here and I'm just saying, "Hey, I
just had a great call with a prospect."
Okay, grab the transcript then generate
a proposal. And so what I've done is
somewhere in our directives and
execution folders, I have stored some
highle instructions, very high level
instruction just saying, hey, if I ask
you to generate a proposal, I want you
to do some very simple things here. You
know, I want you to um I don't know,
generate a proposal using the company
name and then the stuff we talked about
in the transcript and so on and so
forth. So, with just one message, what
this has done is it said, "I'll look for
the executive social sales call
transcript and generate a proposal from
it." So, it found a transcript on my
computer, you know, and you don't have
to have this on your computer.
Obviously, if you're using Fireflies or
Fathom or one of these recorders, it's
on the internet. That's okay. But, it
found this and went and generated me a
proposal for it in less than 15 seconds.
Hopefully, you guys are seeing how if I
just had a call with somebody, okay, and
I just said, "Hey, you know, I just had
a call. Can you generate a proposal
based off of this?" This can be pretty
sexy.
All right, next it is automatically
filling out a bunch of fields for me
using artificial intelligence. So right
now your revenue follows a feast or
famine pattern entirely dependent on
Kelly's availability. This is a call
that I had where essentially Kelly is
just on 24/7 doing everything. So she's
very bottlenecked. This is her business
and so on and so forth. One month you
sign three clients, the next month zero.
This isn't sustainable growth is chaos.
The gap between your current three calls
a month and the 7 to 10 a week you need
represents roughly £400,000 in lost
annual revenue opportunity. That's
pretty crazy. That's problem number one.
Now, in order to sell people, what you
need to do is you don't just give them
one problem, okay? You give them
multiple problems and then you tie all
of that stuff back to return on
investment. So, in Kelly's case, you
know, I'm saying, "Hey, this is £400,000
that you're losing per year. This is
300,000 in missed recurring revenue,
right? I mean, how much money is that
that she is pissing down the drain right
now?" That's where our services are
going to come in handy. Then, what we do
is we just pitch Kelly on how to assist.
So, we'll build an AI powered system
that delivers 20 to 30 qualified calls
monthly up from your current two or
three. In 60 days, you'll hit your
annual call target because we discussed
what her annual call target was. No more
feast or famine. No more wondering where
the next month's clients come from.
You'll have a predictable pipeline that
scales independently of Kelly's
calendar. That's very, very valuable to
Kelly. Next up, we have the rest of our
templated proposal. So, you know,
there's me looking all fly and whatnot.
Then, we give a very highle breakdown of
how we are going to fulfill. So, you
know, here's how we're going to do it.
We're going to start by setting up all
your no code and automation platforms
according to best practices. We give you
a 30-minute weekly chat to review
progress like leads generated, calls
booked. We're going to generate leads,
send them to use Slack for the rest of
the week. We're going to communicate
through Slack. We're going to iterate
campaigns and so on and so on and so on
and so forth. This is sort of like the
scope in a way. And then finally, we get
to the actual investment amount, which
in this case was just under 10K for the
first month, just under 7K for the
second month, and then all future months
are about $5,000 a month or so. Okay, we
do this because we've just found the
three month or more relationships are
best for our clients. And because over a
longer time scale, we're capable of
delivering significantly more value.
Also, it weeds out a lot of like tire
kickers and people sort of at the bottom
rung of the financial ladder that aren't
willing to put their money where their
mouth is, which just saves us so much
time and energy down the line. We have
some agreements and so on and so forth.
And then that's more or less it. So,
what we did is in I mean, as you guys
saw, a sentence, we generated more or
less everything we needed in order for
Kelly to uh, you know, be interested in
working with us. Now, I could obviously
edit these if I wanted to, but I don't.
I feel pretty confident in this. Now,
for the purposes of this demo, I'm just
going to send this over to u myself and
I'm going to sign myself a pair. What's
really cool about this document is you
can actually just like charge money
upfront. So, that's what I'm doing here.
Um, I actually have like an invoice
buried in said document. Um, you know,
you can automate this. You could set
this manually if you have some sort of
pre-existing relationship or agreement
with a client or whatever. Obviously,
you can give them discounts. Uh, there
are actually a lot of cool options here.
As much as I really dislike how Panda do
is doing their like $2 per API call
billing, it's uh really really cool to
be able to like have somebody sign a
thing and then immediately get an
invoice for the thing. So if you think
about it, our agentic workflow has now
done two of these steps. Now obviously
we can't spawn an AI agent to go to
their house, hold a gun to their head,
and say pay the damn proposal. But in
our case, we're just going to assume
that they are also now interested and
they want to move forward, so they pay.
How do we take all of the stuff that you
know we have to do next and then just
automate the hell out of it? Well, it's
simple. I have a simple onboarding
sequence and I'm simply going to ask it
hey on board this new customer watch. So
in future videos I'm going to show you
guys how to use web hooks to automate
this process as well aka automate the
very process of writing great onboard
them by um waiting for an event to come
in from the payment processor. But for
now I'm literally just going to say
great onboard them. And we have a set of
onboarding workflows set up that
completely automate this process. Okay
after a few seconds you can see it's now
started a welcome email sequence. And so
it sent messages to a variety of people.
Here's some information around the
client and what various emails we're
sending and so on and so forth. After
that, we're then casualizing the company
names like I talked about previously.
That's just like running through um all
this information uh the company names
specifically and then just turning them
from like their official versions and
their legal versions into the casual
ones. Then finally, it's even going and
creating my instantly campaigns for me
by, and this is the really cool part,
looking at the highest performing
campaigns that I have ever written and
then matching those campaigns to the
information in the kickoff call
transcript, okay, that I will have
hypothetically had with this client.
Now, in my case, I'm going off of a demo
kickoff call transcript because that
hasn't happened yet. But just to run you
guys through what is possible here, this
is picking up information from a
transcript that uh essentially is like
in our kickoff call, we asked them some
questions like, "What offers are you
comfortable running? what have you guys
run before? What is your pricing? So on
and so forth. Give me some details about
your service. We just talk about that
with the customer on like a 30 to 45
minute call. It's very chill. It's
literally just like, oh wow, that's
really cool. Tell me more about this.
Tell me more about that. Tell me more
about that. Then we just grab that whole
transcript. Then we just give it over to
this workflow and it'll automate that
completely. So because I didn't want to
show my actual mailbox here, I'm just
opening this in new tabs. And because I
didn't want to show the actual email
addresses, I'm just doing this all for
myself. But this is the welcome email
that we just sent 2 minutes ago. And
then it's sort of spaced out a little
bit. and I wanted to send them all
immediately. So, I just told it, "Hey,
send this like right now. Don't wait."
But I usually we will send it from, you
know, me. So, hey, I'm really excited to
have you and stuff like that. Then after
that, we'll send this from another
person at our company a few minutes
later saying, "Hey, Nick ran me through
your company on our last call. So stoked
to have you." And then afterwards, we
actually have a final pitch um coming
from our scheduling assistant, Sam, who
does the bookings that then sends them a
calendar link that they can click on in
order to book set kickoff with us. So, I
mean like all this stuff is
self-contained. What I really like about
doing this automatically is like the
customer just paid us, right? And so,
what typically happens when a customer
pays you is they're in the situation of
buyer's remorse. Meaning, you know, in a
service they've just paid you money. You
have done absolutely nothing for them.
And so, what this does is it helps
equivocate the scales a little bit
instead of sort of like that seessaw
being all the way over to you. you know,
you just made all of this money and then
they're uh uh up here and they're kind
of sad, okay? And you're like, hell
yeah, we got a bunch of money without
having to do anything. We're at least
providing the perception that like our
whole team is getting together. We're
really excited about this. We just had a
call. We're kicking it off. And so, I
really like doing this in an automated
fashion. I personally and anecdotally
find that client satisfaction scores
shot way the hell up when I started
doing this. And uh yeah, just a small
part of our flow. Okay, from there, it's
actually gone and then created us a
Google sheet that contains a bunch of
leads that it just scraped for us. Now,
I mean, I can't make this up. It just
did all the scraping for us. In addition
to doing all the scraping, it also ran
multiple tests to determine whether or
not these people were within our target
markets. So, you know, went through the
whole transcript of the kickoff call. It
learned more about the business, did a
little bit of background research,
determined whether or not, you know, it
was these sorts of leads or these sorts
of leads. It found out that like we're
looking specifically for UK leads. And
so, you can see there's a country column
here that's UK. It then ran a few tests
on the company size and so on and so
forth. It adjusted the filters
autonomously until it got us what we
needed. And you know, this is just a
little test list. I only had it scraped
10 because I didn't want to burn through
all my Ampify credits, but this is a
test list of what that output looks
like. We now have a list of leads. And
if we go all the way over here to the
right, you can see there's actually also
a casual company name. So here it just
says Lex, Castle, Pharaohs, Bray, Shaw,
Mory, Keoop, and so on and so forth.
These are all casual versions of those
names, which uh, you know, if we didn't
uh uh, you know, customize would be kind
of weird. They'd be things like Lex Auto
Lease. Well, I'll tell you what. When
Lex refers to their company internally,
they don't say, "Hey, how's Lex Auto
Lease's revenue doing?" They're just
saying, "Hey, so what's uh what's Lex's
revenue these days?" Right? Then I go to
Instantly and I open up these three
campaigns. Okay. Offer one, 15 meetings
in 30 days. This is one of the offers
that we chatted about. Offer two, three
new clients in 30 days. And offer three,
100K revenue in 90 days. All offers that
the c the customer is happy to make. And
the copy itself is actually pretty good.
Hey, first name. Quick question. First
name, Icebreaker. Icebreers is an AI
generated um line here. I know this is
out left field, but I work specifically
with partners at accounting and advisory
firms in the UK. Basically, I build
outreach systems that book qualified
meetings with your ideal clients on
autopilot. I've been doing this for 6
years now. I've worked with 60 plus
accounting firms specifically, mostly 3
to 10x growth in their LinkedIn presence
and pipeline within the first few
months. Here's my offer. I'll book you
15 qualified meetings in the next 30
days or you don't pay a thing. I'll
handle everything. You just show up to
the calls. Would this be of value? If
so, happy to send over a quick video
explaining how it works. You know, is
this going to win me any awards? No. So
this is like a good 2 to 3% reply rate
basis. And from there we can iterate.
Here's a very casual version that the AI
actually just thought up. You know, uh,
as part of our our directives, we say,
"Hey, write a casual version and then
write a formal version." NGL, not going
to lie, this might seem random, but hear
me out. I have 200 plus clients now. 60
of them are accounting firms. System's
pretty dialed in at this point. Was
looking into advisory firms in your area
and company name caught my eye. Felt
like you'd be a good fit for something
I'm testing. I'll book you 15 meetings
in the next 30 days. You pay nothing.
Zero risk on your end. I cover all the
costs up front. Right. I mean, this is
copy that this system just generated for
our client completely autonomously based
off previous high performers. It's not
the same copy as the old one, but it's
heavily based off of them because it's
so like uh recent in the context. The
copy quality is really good. We did this
two more times with two more offers,
right? And over here as well. So, uh,
okay, this might be the most aggressive
cold email I've ever sent, but here
goes. I mean, that might actually be
pretty good. I don't know. We're going
to have to test this. It also did
follow-up messages and so on and so
forth, which is pretty crazy. Last, but
not least, and I think this is pretty
cool. It's actually added a bunch of
information into a knowledge base here,
which is just a Google sheet I'm using
to store information about each company
for an automated reply bot. Essentially,
when a reply comes in, we match the ID
to the company and then we pull
information from the knowledge base,
which in our case is a bunch of offers
before then I'm sending some reply
examples. And so, this in our case could
be something that we completely
automate. This could be something that
we manually do. Maybe we like manually
write two or three reply examples and
just automates the rest. Um, yeah, I
mean like the possibilities here are
kind of unlimited. Okay, so I just spent
a few seconds updating this reply
examples just so it's a little clearer
and a little more in tune with what we
actually do. And now I'm just going to
ask it to send a reply email, like a
hypothetical one, to this email. And
then I'll show you guys what the actual
reply looks like. So this is pretty
similar to an actual reply received for
some campaign that I was running a
couple weeks ago. It was somebody that
was like somewhat interested, but then
they were very incredulous. They're
like, but like actually, dude, like the
replies like the the guarantee is not.
So, I'm just going to um say let's send
an example reply to the executive social
campaign just to show the automated
reply bot. Um obviously I can't reply to
the instantly campaign myself. The web
hook just takes forever to get back to
you and stuff like that. I'm not like in
the lead scrape. But I'll show you guys
what this looks like conceptually so you
guys see. So it's running through the
instantly autorely directive now, which
it would do every time it receives an
automated reply. And now it's going to
create a test demonstrate said autorely
system. Okay. Okay. And here's why I
really like systems like this built
through Agentic Workflows. Because this
workflow was not actually done perfectly
the very first time. There was an issue
with one of the keys that I I provided.
And so because I provided a deprecated
key, it ran into a couple of issues. If
we just like scroll up a little bit, so
I don't want to show the key itself, but
um yeah, I ran into a couple issues and
it wasn't perfect. So what it did is it
actually just self-annealed. It found
another key that I was using somewhere
else and then it provided that key in
the thing and then it updated its own
documentation to reference the right
key. I mean this is this is really cool.
If I was running a procedural workflow,
one that was like make.com or in that
workflow would have just aired out. This
workflow almost healed, you know, it's
like Wolverine or something like that,
it gets shot and then it like the the
skin comes back. Um, it's really really
cool when you zoom out a little bit and
run multiple of these simultaneously.
Anyway, assuming I got a message like
this, this is what the system would
generate using the workflow. Yeah. Hey,
Kelly. Yes, seriously. If we don't
deliver three new clients in 30 days,
you don't pay. Simple as that. At 10,000
average contract sizes, 30k in new
revenue against a 9,850 first month
investment. We can take that risk
because we've done this for 200 clients
over 6 years, including 60 accounting
firms in similar spaces. Is that worth a
quick call to see if it makes sense for
executive social Nick? So, what it did
is it looked up a knowledge base for the
campaign UID, used Claude with extended
thinking to generate a reply, addresses
the skepticism, does some ROI math, uses
social proof, personalizes with the
company name, and then does a soft CTA
to actually book a call. Um, I mean, I
like this because we are just like
putting our money where our mouth is. We
even talk about the amount of money that
the contract is. I don't always do stuff
like that to be clear, but um yeah, I
mean I think the model did a pretty good
job with what it needed to uh with what
it needed to contend with. And so I mean
like think about this. We just set all
of this up for a client completely
autonomously in like 5 minutes. I I just
said one thing and I said, "Hey, new
client, onboard them." Then just went
through top to bottom and it sent
welcome emails. It then scheduled our
kickoff call. Okay? It then extracted
all those details. It began lead
generation. It enriched and casualized
the leads. It wrote three instantly
campaigns, set up an automated reply
system for the client, even uploaded the
leads. And all I really have to do, if
you think about it, the only place where
I actually need to spend any of my
physical effort as somebody that runs
the agency is right over here. It's a
Q&A and a final double check before
sending. All I need to do is just
quickly look things over one final time.
Okay, so just going to do the QA here.
It looks good. I mean, the copy itself
looks good. Send next message in zero
days is probably off. Just going to
double check that it's actually one day.
Just going to preview this with some
basic information here.
Seeing that we're not getting a name, it
looks like. So, I just need to change
one thing. Okay. Just going to do some
checking here. So, I'm always
previewing.
Let's head down here. Actually, prefill
with the name.
Okay. Looks pretty reasonable to me. I
mean, like it's kind of squashed
together. That's not ideal, but uh still
pretty solid.
Just empty that out. And then use a real
person. Cool. Could save that. Uh how
about the schedule? We obviously need to
set it. So 9 to5, right? I like doing a
7 to 7:00 p.m. Personally,
that's fine with me. Cool. And yeah,
with the leads and everything like that,
rest of that's fine. So let's just um
Oh, sorry. Let's just double check this,
too. Guess we got an icebreaker here.
That's fine.
this one. We should probably preview
these, too.
Cool. Cool. Let's add some spacing
there. So, I mean, like, consider how
much time it would have taken me to do
all of this before and then the amount
of time it takes me now. I mean, right
now, I'm literally just quickly running
through adding a little bit of spacing.
And obviously, these are limitations
that we can completely um resolve with
the agentic workflow. So, yeah, that's
pretty badass. So, why don't we just set
this to resume? Cool. And now we have an
actual campaign that is running which is
wild. So yeah that's about that. This
whole process here previously
might have taken between 5 to 10 hours
right and now it takes maybe 30 seconds
or so. Well maybe 30 seconds is a little
underestimation. Let's be reasonable
here. Let's just say it's 1.5 minutes.
30 seconds per campaign. Not bad if I do
say so myself. Obviously we are
automating the replies and stuff like
that as well. So this whole fulfillment
backend is now 100% possible with
Agentic automations. Um you know before
Agentic Workflows you could do a lot of
this stuff manually uh not manually
rather like procedurally. So what I mean
is you could certainly begin lead
generation. It's just you'd have to know
the exact industry ahead of time. You'd
also have to know all of the different
filters and stuff like that ahead of
time, right? You'd have to know uh like
the location filters. You have to know
how to split those up. You'd have to
know the company size filters and so on
and so forth. But now we just have AI do
that. You could have done enrichment
casualization before to be clear. Just
would have taken a really long time
because you would have had to set up,
you know, all of the casualization
scripts. You would have had to have like
the API calls and stuff like that all
set up. This just does it all
automatically. Same thing with the
casualization. Same thing with the
instantly campaign generation. I mean
like you could have fed that into AI
anytime in the last year and maybe you
received something similar, but with all
of the context that it has from previous
runs of the onboarding, right? So
obviously a lot uh capable of generating
a lot higher copy, which is nice.
Automated reply system. Hopefully I've
shown you. You guys can do that with
like NAN procedurally if you wanted to,
but it's way cooler when you do it
completely uh automatically and then it
also allows it to like use decision-
making live. So I find that the um
replies are just a lot more flexible if
that makes sense, but flexible in a good
way, not flexible in a bad way. Same
thing with all the rest of these steps.
Um yeah, it's just really cool having
aentic workflows do it for you. But you
may be wondering, okay, great. So I just
show I just saw how to automate more or
less the entire functioning of a cold
email agency or B2B outbound marketing
agency. Um, how do I do something like
that for for myself? Well, I'm just
going to compile a very simple um kind
of step-by-step guide that anybody here
can follow if they want to automate
their work with Agentic Workflows. And
it's very straightforward. What you
always start with, okay, is you start
with compiling your SOPs.
Now, people here might not be familiar
with SOPs, so let me be abundantly
clear. That stands for standard
operating procedure. And a standard
operating procedure is a pretty classic
document in any sort of business. This
just describes the steps that you take
in order to produce some sort of
deliverable or outcome. So if we think
about it in terms of the example I just
showed you guys, right? An example steps
that I take in order to produce let's
say like a lead list is number one,
first I need to generate filters for a
lead list filters, right? Number two, I
then need to test on a sample.
Let's just say of 25 leads.
Number three, if greater than 80% okay,
aka if um more than 80% are good,
proceed.
If less than 80% are good,
retry with different filters.
Okay?
And then scrape default. Let's say, you
know, every new client we get must have
at least 3,000 leads. This is an example
of a natural language SOP and it's very
simple, right? The whole idea here is
you write this in terms that like a
monkey could understand realistically.
And uh a lot of the time when you're
hiring and building out your business,
this is the assumption you have to make
unfortunately. But yeah, um what you do
is you start by just compiling all of
your SOPs. So this is a very specific
part of one tiny little corner of my
fulfillment process, right?
Realistically, you probably have like 20
or 30 SOPs across your company. You got
to compile all of those SOPs just like
this. Once you're done with that, okay,
number two is you need to send these to
your AI agent. Now, the way that I'm
doing all of this is I'm doing this in a
platform called Visual Studio Code. Then
I'm also using um platform called Claude
Code with my Visual Studio Code. Okay.
So, if I open up my own instance for
you, it looks something like this. I
have a bunch of files on the lefth hand
side. Then in the middle here, I have
like my little chat window where I can
communicate with cloud code. And then
obviously I have some sort of framework
or structure that are provided to the
model to help it understand what I want
to do. Now I'm not going to go into the
construction of the framework or the
structure, but basically like one of
these files here is always injected into
every model run. And so like when you
start with a new language model, this
will basically just always store some
sort of instructions like in a cloud MD,
agents md or gemini.mmd. And so if you
want to, you know, copy paste this, just
check out my recent 2-hour course on how
to do all this stuff. And I actually
give you guys this file, you guys can
just stick that in the root of your
project. Basically, what you do after
you're done with that is all we need to
do, and I'm actually just going to
screenshot this even to show you guys
how like simple it is. All we need to do
is say, "Hey, here's the screenshot. I'd
like you to generate a new workflow for
this.
Store it in." And I'm just going to have
a new, you know, name here because I
don't want it to conflict with my
previous name. Let's do um lead
scraping.m MD. So, it's now going to
generate a workflow based off of, in my
case, the image that I provided. I
didn't even provide a text. Hopefully,
you guys see you could talk with the
model. You could you could send it a
voice recording for Christ's sake. You
could um transcribe your text like I'm
doing here. There's a lot that you could
do. Oh, sorry. Let me click on this text
box. Here's a quick example of how you
could just transcribe your text.
bonkers, right? Like I mean that took me
a half a second to say. So obviously I
recommend you guys have some sort of um
strong SOP for everything in your
business. But your SOPs don't even have
to be that defined. These models will
then help generate the SOPs for you. In
my case, I already have some existing
execution scripts. So it's going to try
and create a directive based off of
those. But I also want you to know you
can generate directives without them.
This directive is stored right over here
in lead_craping.mmd.
So as you can see, exact same format to
the same ones that I showed you earlier.
um really in-depth, has all possible
edge cases and so on and so forth. Very
very powerful. And then it even gives us
a little message saying, "Hey, you know,
I made it." Next up, what you have to do
is you actually have to test this. Okay,
so test this once. And when you test
this once, it's going to ask you for a
bunch of things. If you've never done
this sort of thing before, it's going to
say, "Hey, you know, I need a bunch of
um I don't know, API keys. I need a
bunch of credentials,
right? I need some stuff stored in av,
right? What the heck does any of that
mean?" Well, guess what? You don't
actually have to know. the A will just
guide you through it. It'll actually
say, "Hey, you know, in order for this
thing to work, we need access to this
these API keys. So, go find these API
keys, put them back here. Quick
step-by-step guide. Here you go." And
then we're good to go. And once you're
done with that, then you can actually
test. And the reason why you test is
because AI is only going to get this
right maybe like 75% of the time the
first time. And that's okay. It doesn't
need to be 100% right the first time
because this isn't running the workflow
like once and then it forgets about it.
This thing is just building a thing and
then it's running the workflow and
testing it and then you're going to use
that information to build it again. So
if it's 75% reliable the first time, the
second time it's going to be 97%
reliable, the third time it's going to
be 99%, the fourth time it's going to be
99.99%
and so on and so on and so on and so
forth until it's basically about as
close to 100% reliable as you could
possibly want it to. Keep in mind that
you're going to have to run this a few
times in order to get to that point. But
that's the really cool part about AI and
the structure um and the framework here.
If it tests it once and then it doesn't
figure it out, then it's just going to
continue running until it does figure it
out. And then boom, you now have your
working workflow. So, in my case, I'm
going to say great, run a test on, and
let's just do, I don't know, 50 leads or
something. It's now asking me for some
basic information. Let's just do real
estate agencies and then let's do
California. It actually goes updates
some to-dos, makes a plan for you. It's
really cool to use as a builder. You
guys can see here we have an issue. The
very first issue is there was some
problem with the initial scrape. It
tried executing a tool that it had
access to and the tool did not work
correctly. This loop will occur as many
times as it needs to until it figures it
out. It's trying to figure out, hey, you
know, what's the location format? What
am I doing wrong here? And so on and so
forth. And your hands are off. Like I'm
not touching anything. I'm just having
this continuously run, test, iterate,
and then retry over and over and over
again till it figures it out. All right.
And now it just continuously pushes.
Looks like it actually made it work.
It's now reading some test scrape file.
Now, it's going as far as actually
analyzing the first 10 leads from the
test scrape to see whether or not this
is good. You can see it's actually going
through and it is checking the quality
of all these leads. I didn't even ask it
to. It's just a function that it built
itself. Once it's done, it now gives me
a report. Hey, you know, we exceeded 96%
as opposed to 80%. Do you want me to
proceed with a full scrape of 5,000 real
estate leads in California? I can start
anytime. Pretty great, huh? I'm just
going to say you could stop here with
the 50 test leads so it doesn't uh waste
some of my credits. After you've tested
it once, all you do is you just rinse
and repeat. So, get a different SOP, one
from before, and then just send it to
the Agent. Test it once, rinse and
repeat. Send it to the agent, test it
once, rinse and repeat. Eventually, what
you'll do is you're going to populate,
you know, in our case, because we're
using the DO framework,
um, you're going to populate your
directives folder with, you know,
whatever your first thing is and then
whatever your your second thing is, and
then whatever your third thing is, and
so on and so forth. And this way you're
also going to populate your executions
folder with all of your scripts, right?
So it'll be, I don't know, script one.
py, script 2. py, script 3. py over and
over and over and over again. And once
you have this, it's actually really easy
to go from here to like a fully um
streamlined solution. You just have one
final step after you're done exhausting
all of your SOPs. You just create a meta
directive. And your meta directive is
really simple in it. You just say, "Hey,
um, I have now had you build a process
with all of these workflows. I just want
you to combine them together into an
onboarding workflow or a project
fulfillment workflow or something like
that. And then voila, you are done. This
thing is now a meta directive. This top
level directive like the onboarding one
that I showed you over here where it can
just to go top to bottom and then follow
all of the directives that you've
created, not necessarily the executions.
And then it follows all the directives.
Once it has one directive, let's say the
meta directive, it goes and it finds the
three directives for like point 1, 2,
and three. Then it notices that each of
these are composed of scripts A, B, and
C. Okay? Same thing here, A, B, C. Same
thing here, A, B, C. And then it'll
literally just orchestrate the
completion of all of these top to
bottom. It's very modular. It's pretty
smart. And in this way, you can automate
more or less any service business that
you have. 100% straightforward process.
You don't even need to know code.
Hopefully is evidenced by the workflows
that I built today. So I don't show you
this because I think this is like
everything that you need in order to do
it. Like obviously I need you to use
some critical thinking here when you
automate your own flow. There going to
be certain tools that are probably
better to automate with than others.
Some tools probably aren't going to have
APIs. And so maybe you have to reshift
your SOP in such a way that you use a
tool that has an API versus a tool that
doesn't. Maybe API pricing for some of
these tools is more expensive. So you do
got to refactor your stack a little bit.
But hopefully it's clear that it's
possible. I mean, in this way, I've
basically automated all of the
functioning of my work day-to-day for a
cold email agency, aside from a brief QA
at the end. And I've moved from somebody
that actually does all of the work to
just somebody that oversees the work.
It's a very similar relationship to what
happens when you hire. And I know that
because I have hired at on Second
Copies. We were scaling up to about
$90,000 a month. You know, we hired a
lot. I probably hired over 20 30 people
or so over the course of my time in that
business. And you know like initially I
was actually doing the writing myself
and then I was looking and overseeing
and managing three or four people to do
the writing myself and eventually I was
hiring a manager that looked and oversaw
the person and then I was looking and
overseeing the manager. So like at every
level you move up in abstraction and
these AI agents and sort of agentic
workflows just allow you to do this
without actually having to go through
all the pains of hiring. Uh I'm very
confident that we could probably hit a
you know $1 billion soloreneur business.
probably not a cold email agency, you
know, probably something a lot more
scalable, but with agents like this and
with a genetic workflow set up like this
that are flexible that only require you
at a very high level to orchestrate
something, very very confident that like
the world's first $1 billion solopreneur
business um is just right around the
corner. It just takes the right
incredibly, you know, ambitious and not
even that technically capable, but like
process capable person um to go in and
and then realize that vision. who knows,
might be one of you watching this video.
But, um, yeah, suffice to say, this
stuff is now totally possible, and it's
all due to agentic workflows,
technology, and a little bit of that
oldfashioned work ethic and grit. So,
hopefully you guys appreciated this
video. Had a blast putting it together
for you. Um, if you guys want to build
systems like this and then get paid to
implement them in other people's
companies, definitely check out Maker
School. It's my 90-day accountability
program that gets you your very first
customer for an AI, automation,
consulting, or agentic workflow-based uh
service. In 90 days or your money back,
I will 100% guarantee any refunds to
people that don't hit that goal. And the
only reason I can do so is because I'm
very confident because we do it all the
time. You can check my my recent video
if you guys want an example of that.
Aside from that, if you guys like this
sort of thing and want me to automate
your business, whatever your vertical
may be, just drop a comment down below
uh saying specifically what the business
is, and then maybe give me some like
highle overviews of like what day-to-day
procedures are involved in said
business. I'll go through and ideulate
uh more or less the same thing I've done
over here although in a much more
streamlined format and then just create
videos all about how you can automate
XYZ service business with agentic
workflows you know ABC service business
with aentic workflows and so on and so
forth as long as it's something that is
primarily internet or databased as I
mentioned at the beginning of this video
it is entirely doable so yeah thank you
very much for watching and happy
automating cheers